[14.0][ADD] sale_line_service_qty_delivered: Set qty_delivered of service lines (#2717)
OCA/sale-workflow: sale_line_service_qty_delivered/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This addon automatically increases or decreases the delivered quantity
for sale.order.lines where a service product with a invoice policy delivery is set.
A order line's delivered quantity is increase to its max, if an other line is shipped
or if there is no order line to ship.

> A order line's delivered quantity is decreased to zero, if everthing is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An order line's delivered quantity is increased to its max as soon as another line with a stock product is delivered or if there is no line with stock product.
An order line's delivered quantity is decreased to zero when all lines with stock product are entirely returned.
```
